# FRB121102

This repository contains the data and analysis scripts used in the paper (here).  
See the project webpage with burst fitting results: [FRB121102](https://thepetabyteproject.github.io/FRB121102/)
Here is the basic layout for this repository.

`analysis`: consists of the analysis notebooks and scripts 

* `waittime_analysis.ipynb`: Analysis of wait time distribution of bursts. 
* `period_search.ipynb`: Period search on bursts. 
* `burst_rate.ipynb`: Burst rate estimation using Poisson and Weibull distributions. 
* `cumulative_energy.ipynb`: Cumulative energy calculation for the bursts and estimation of power law slopes. 
* `param_wrt_time.ipynb`: Plot of burst parameters with respect to time. 
* `make_param_dict.ipynb`: Read the MCMC results (h5 files with samples) and generate csv files with 
  burst properties.  
* `make_prop_table.ipynb`: Read the burst parameter csv and generate Latex table for the paper. 
* `cumulative_corner_plot.ipynb`: Read MCMC posteriors and generates a combined corner plot with all burst 
properties.
* `mcmc_fitall.py`: Python script used for MCMC burstfit. It reads in the candidate h5 files generated by 
[`your_candmaker.py`](https://github.com/thepetabyteproject/your/blob/master/bin/your_candmaker.py) during 
  the search step, and uses [`burstfit`](https://github.com/thepetabyteproject/burstfit) to estimate the properties of the bursts.  
  
`data`: consists of data files

* `all_bursts_bary.csv`: csv file with all burst properties. Each row correspond to a unique burst component. 
  Each column shows a burst property, or 1-sigma fit error on a property. Individual bursts have a unique 
  `cand_id`. `bidx` corresponds to the burst index used in the paper.  
* Posterior sample chains generated by burstfit-MCMC on all bursts are available upon request (145G)


`plots`: consists of some analysis and burst plots
* fit results and corner plots: See project webpage [here](https://thepetabyteproject.github.io/FRB121102/)
